Various documentation improvements (#547)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_python/docs/source/index.rst

- `cuda.core`_: Pythonic access to CUDA runtime and other core functionalities
- `cuda.bindings`_: Low-level Python bindings to CUDA C APIs

> - `cuda.cooperative`_: A Python package providing CUB's reusable block-wide and warp-wide *device* primitives for use within Numba CUDA kernels
> - `cuda.parallel`_: A Python package for easy access to highly efficient and customizable parallel algorithms, like ``sort``, ``scan``, ``reduce``, ``transform``, etc, that are callable on the *host*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cuda.cooperative`_: A Python package providing CCCL's reusable block-wide and warp-wide *device* primitives for use within Numba CUDA kernels
- `cuda.parallel`_: A Python package for easy access to CCCL's highly efficient and customizable parallel algorithms, like ``sort``, ``scan``, ``reduce``, ``transform``, etc, that are callable on the *host*
```

> - `numba.cuda`_: Numba's CUDA target for writing CUDA SIMT kernels in Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `numba.cuda`_: Numba's target for CUDA GPU programming by directly compiling a restricted subset of Python code into CUDA kernels and device functions following the CUDA execution model.
```
